what would you do if you were traveling
europe when you and your friends were
suddenly kidnapped
in this video i will explain the movie
taken and everything that went wrong
the movie starts off with a
five-year-old girl celebrating her
birthday
brian then wakes up from his dream and
heads to door
he then proceeds to buy kim his daughter
a gift for her birthday
when he is wrapping it up we see that he
is somewhat of a perfectionist
which is a good trait he takes the gift
to a party when he is stopped by some
guy
lenore intervenes and helps him out kim
shows up and she opens the gift brian
botter
kim is excited to see that it is a
karaoke machine
a few minutes later she gets a horse as
a gift from her stepdad stewart
when brian realizes she got a horse he
becomes a little upset about the
difference in the two gifts
but let's be honest if you were going to
a party that looked like this
then there will most likely be expensive
gifts later that day
he adds to his collection of images from
his daughter's childhood three of his
friends
then show up for a cookout and to bond
before the friends leave
one of them talks to brian about quick
money they can all make escorting a
famous star to and from her concert
brian agrees to do it and they leave the
next day we see that they are escorting
the star to
her concert she is warming up her voice
when brian comments on how good her
singing is
when she goes to sing on the stage brian
stops her to ask her for tips because
his daughter wants to become a singer
she says that she should pick a
different career and brian looks hurt
the guys are playing cards when he gets
a call he steps outside and it's laureen
asking him to have lunch the next day
he tells his friends back in the room
and they are all excited for him
when the star is done singing fans are
able to get through a gate causing chaos
brian is in charge of keeping the star
safe and when they are walking a man
with a knife jumps out at them
brian is able to quickly get the knife
out of his hands and arrest the man
they are able to get into the car and
the singer is scared of what just
happened
she starts to cry and brian comforts her
we then see all the men being handed
their money
before they leave brian is called into
the singer's room to have a talk
she says that brian's daughter can get
vocal coaching for free of charge
after he saved her life the next day
brian
kim and lenoran at a restaurant when kim
is excited that she was invited to go to
paris with one of her friends
kim needs brian's signature to go to
paris because she is
underage brian is hesitant to sign it
because he knows the world is a
dangerous place
kim has said that he won't sign it so
she runs off crying
later brian decides to sign the papers
and kim is excited to see this
when brian is taking her to the airport
they talk about some areas that are
dangerous in france
and that he worked for the government as
a preventer when brian is getting kim's
bags he sees a map that shows they will
be traveling all around
and not just staying in paris brian is
understandably upset at kim and laureen
for lying to him
he decides to forget about it and let
kim go with her friend
when they arrive at paris a man named
peter offers to take their picture
they get to talking and decide on
sharing a taxi because it can be very
expensive
they arrive at their hotel and before
the man leaves he asks them to come to a
party
and they agree he says he will pick them
up later that night
okay i don't think anyone in their right
mind will be going to parties with some
random stranger in a foreign country on
their first day
but for some reason they think it's okay
and decide to agree to go
when they get to their room they are
happy to see how nice it is and decide
to crank up the music making it hard to
hear anything
brian tries to call him but she can't
hear anything because of the music
i don't know about you but i don't like
when music is too loud
and i always like to be able to hear my
surroundings
kim eventually picks up the call from
her father and when they are talking we
see amanda get taken by men in the other
room
kim tells brian and he tells her to stay
calm and get under a bed
brian knows how to survive in terrible
places so he tells kim she will get
taken and to call out any details on the
men so brian can hear it through the
phone
she thinks they left and then she is
suddenly dragged out from under the bed
one of the men that took her pick up the
phone and brian says his classic words
and the man breaks the phone
brian heads over to steward and
laureen's home to let them know kim has
been taken
he gets a call back from his friend who
was able to find out who is on the call
and some of their background history
brian gets on a plane to kim's last no
spot
and he reviews the recording of her
getting taken he arrives at the hotel
that she was at and goes to investigator
room but it's locked
so he steps on the ledge of the outside
wall and starts to make his way to her
room
when he breaks into the room he finds
her stuff and starts to break down
what he thinks happened he is able to
find the sd card
that was in kim's phone so he goes to
look at the pictures that were taken
while scrolling through them he is able
to find a lead we then see that peter is
trying to do the same thing he did to
kim and amanda to another girl
right before they get into the taxi
brian is able to find him and shove him
into the car to be
questioned one of peter's co-workers
drags brian out of the car and they gets
into a fight
brian knocks him out and starts to chase
after peter who is escaping
right before brian reaches him he jumps
off a bridge onto a semi
peter jumps onto the road he doesn't see
the oncoming car and gets ran
over he then talks to someone that can
help him find his daughter
when they are talking the man gives some
backstory of what these kidnappers and
doing in france
and where they could possibly be located
he heads off and forms a deal with
someone that speaks albanian
and can translate the recording from
when kim was taken
brian talks to a prostitute because he
is trying to find out who they are
working for so he can possibly find kim
one of the bosses comes up to brian
asking for money because he cost him
some sales
when the man gets close brian is able to
plant an audio recorder on him
he heads back into the car and has the
man translates what is being said
from this he is able to get a location
and heads there while brian is waiting
in line he sees the man that he put the
audio recorder on
he searches through the rooms for his
daughter when he sees the coat she was
wearing
brian asks the girl in the room where
she got it but she is no help
when the men there see what he is trying
to do they try to kill him
but he is able to defend himself he then
takes the girl to a car in hopes of
finding in his daughter
the men get into their cars and chase
after him eventually brian is able to
escape all of them and changes his car
he then gets a hotel room and treats the
girl he talks with the man that was
ordered to take brian home
but brian won't leave till he finds his
daughter
back at the room brian asks the girl
where she got her daughter's jacket
she is able to remember where she saw
kim and brian goes there
he walks into the house and is able to
get past the first guards
he sits down at a table with the men
that he believes are responsible for
this
one of the men says good luck which he
remembers from the recording of when his
daughter was taken
he proceeds to take down all the people
in that building and goes to check the
rooms for his daughter
when he sees amanda the friend kim went
on that trip with
he then tortures marco who was the one
in the room that took his daughter
out of marco bryan is able to find who
took his daughter and where they are
located
first he heads to the man's house for
questioning
brian is able to hold him at gunpoint
and get him to tell him all he needs to
know
about who is in charge of this whole
operation he then goes to known location
of this man
he is able to get into the auction room
for the bidding of these women
the last auction of the night happens to
be his daughter
he forces the buyer to bite him and when
he leaves he is knocked out
when brian wakes up the man says he will
not get his daughter back and then
orders one of his men to kill brian
before they can do so he is able to
break the pipe and kill them all
he sees his daughter is being taken on a
butt so he runs there
when he makes it on the boat he takes
out some of the guards
he then walks into another room and his
daughter is being held at knife point
he is easily able to shoot the man and
kill him finally putting an
end to this later we see they are back
home and kim greets her parents
kim then goes to the famous singer's
home to practice her singing as the
movie ends